Define Alternate Steering Group Representative (#235)
whatwg/sg: SG Agreement.md

[Steering Group Member] may replace its [Steering Group Representative] at any time in its sole
discretion.

Each [Steering Group Member] may optionally appoint an individual
"<a id="alternate-steering-group-representative">**Alternate Steering Group Representative**</a>". The

> [Steering Group Representative] may delegate any of their rights and responsibilities to the

Reviewer: I think we probably need a little bit more here.  Is the expectation this is temporary?  That we'll have multiple participants in our SG meetings, and it's only when it comes to voting that we ensure it's one Member one vote?  Is it a single additional individual, or multiple?

Author: IMO, doesn't need to be temporary. Maybe allow both to participate in SG meetings (though I expect typically only one person will be present at a time). A single additional individual seems sufficient.

Author: Is the current text ok? The voting is aspect I think boils down to clarifying the word "party" in https://whatwg.org/sg-agreement#qualified-voting-party (if neccessary).

> [Alternate Steering Group Representative].

Author: ```suggestion
[Alternate Steering Group Representative]. In the absence of the Steering Group Representative,
the Alternate Steering Group Representative may perform any of the actions that the Steering
Group Representative can perform as defined above. In the event that both take action, the actions
of the Steering Group Representative supersede.
```

> [Alternate Steering Group Representative] (except the ability to designate an alternate).

Reviewer 2: You wrote that the SG Member has the ability to appoint the SG Alternate Representative, not the SG Representative. I think that's probably the way to go, but that does mean there's no need for "except".

Author: Removed.

[Steering Group Member] may replace its [Steering Group Representative] at any time in its sole
discretion.

Each [Steering Group Member] may optionally appoint an individual
"<a id="alternate-steering-group-representative">**Alternate Steering Group Representative**</a>". The
[Steering Group Representative] may delegate any of their rights and responsibilities to the
[Alternate Steering Group Representative]. In the absence of the Steering Group Representative,
the Alternate Steering Group Representative may perform any of the actions that the Steering
Group Representative can perform as defined above. In the event that both take action, the actions

> of the Steering Group Representative supersede.

Reviewer 2: Discussing this internally we're a bit concerned this still leaves room for confusion. How about something like:

> The Steering Group representative and its corresponding Alternate Steering Group Representative cannot take action on the same subject simultaneously as this would get confusing as to whose voice counts. Only one can communicate on a given subject at any one time.

> [Alternate Steering Group Representative]. In the absence of the Steering Group Representative,
> the Alternate Steering Group Representative may perform any of the actions that the Steering
> Group Representative can perform as defined above. In the event that both take action, the actions
> of the Steering Group Representative supersede.

Author: How about this:

```suggestion
[Alternate Steering Group Representative]. The Steering Group Representative may delegate any
responsibilities to the Alternate Steering Group Representative. Only one can communicate on a given
subject at any one time.
```

Reviewer 2: Wouldn't this end up being rather duplicative?

> Each Steering Group Member may optionally appoint an individual Alternate Steering Group Representative. The Steering Group Representative may delegate any of their rights and responsibilities to the
Alternate Steering Group Representative. The Steering Group Representative may delegate any
responsibilities to the Alternate Steering Group Representative. Only one can communicate on a given
subject at any one time.

Did you mean to propose:

> Each Steering Group Member may optionally appoint an individual Alternate Steering Group Representative. The Steering Group Representative may delegate any of their rights and responsibilities to the
Alternate Steering Group Representative. Only one can communicate on a given
subject at any one time.

?

Reviewer 2: Further: it would be good to qualify "one" in the final sentence through a parenthetical or some such.

Author: Thanks. OK so, your text with qualifying "one":

> Each Steering Group Member may optionally appoint an individual Alternate Steering Group Representative. The Steering Group Representative may delegate any of their rights and responsibilities to the Alternate Steering Group Representative. Only one of the Steering Group Representative or the Alternate Steering Group Representative can communicate on a given subject at any one time.

Reviewer 2: I would remove the last "the".

Otherwise this seems okay.

Author: Done in cb2114392948a5fc4f0aae9ef1887b7f56a9fa47
